It's a filthy piece of meat that smells of vomit.
This aluminium-coloured suit protects you against great heat or cold.
It is a clear, green crystal. For a moment, you see a mysterious twinkle.
It's a magical sword that doesn't look too strong, but radiates great force._There's a purple ruby in the handle.
It's a bleak, human thigh bone, that looks strong. You can apply a lot of force with it.
It's a grey 3.5\" diskette of the brand 'Spirits' that is likely to contain_important data.
It's a bag with stuff that looks like tobacco.
It is a clear, red crystal. For a moment, you see a mysterious twinkle.
It's a Mickey Mouse nightcap full of happy colours.
The bomb consists of a number of thin tubes in a cylinder. Around it, there_are some tubes. A strange hum emerges from a grate. There's a sign on it that_says: -5 - 105C, Code name: R136.
It's a black, aluminium flashlight with a halogen lamp in it.
It's a white box with a red cross. It contains some bandages and a few_band-aids.
The flamethrower consists of a pipe, oxygen and fuel containers and an_activation button. A small pilot light comes out of the end of the pipe.
It's an old, yellowed cookbook that has a cookie recepy in it. It says: 'Take_some hell hound and some hashis and throw them in the barbecue.'_That is all.
The TNT is a bundle of red sticks with a note that says: 'Warning! Sensitive_to shock!'
It's a cartridge that contains mustard gas under pressure. There are wires_attached to it and you can't find any way to activate it.
It's a piece of meat that looks delicious in itself, but has a few green_spots. There's a dead ant on top of it.
The ignition is a small box with T-shaped handle on it.
It's a packet of penlight batteries. Bunnies can drum for hours on them.
It's a green mask with a round filter and 2 plastic eyeholes.
It's a yellow pieace of paper with curled corners. The writing is almost_illegible, and with some difficulty you decipher: 'Feed the dragon's head with_the three coloured crystals'.
It's a dirty, sticky booklet with a naked troll on the front page. You feel_like throwing up.
It is a clear, blue crystal. For a moment, you see a mysterious twinkle.
It's a round cookie that smells like ammonia.
By pressing the handle down, the mustard gas can esacpe.
