As you're about to start your adventure, you think back to why you are here,
standing in this desolate, depressing environment.

The story starts when you joined a radiation-related project with three other
scientists. In an advanced stage of the research, a mistake was made. Instead
of the usual matter, a different, more agressive one was introduced into the
fission reactor.
The result was as interesting as it was threatening: a new radiation occurred,
being positron radiation. This radiation dissolves electrons, due to which
matter it comes in contact with completely dissolves into nothing. Part of the
reactor dissolved into thin air, and a global catastrophy could just be
avoided by the heroic intervention of one of your colleagues.

The scientist in question was briefly exposed to the radiation, and he 
isolated himself after the event.

Shocked by what happened, it was decided to keep everything a secret and end
the project.
The scientist who was exposed to the radiation did not stick to the agreement,
and stole some of the aggressive matter. He built a new kind of bomb, a 
positron bomb.
BR
It was his opinion that the world was to blame for his mutations, and he
wanted the world to pay for it. For that reason he hid the bomb with a time
mechanism, in a place no one would dare to enter: the valley of perdition.

One of the scientists suspected malice and wanted to investigate the matter.
Three days later, he was found in front of his house with a butcher's knife
in his back.
When his house was searched, two things were found: the location of the bomb,
and low-level radioactive footsteps.
Your colleague and you understood what was going on, and you decided that it
was necessary to intervene. Because you're not really a hero, it was decided
that the other scientist would make the trip. You would stay behind to
coordinate his travels via a secret radio frequency.
You never heard from him again.

Now it's your turn.

You're on the stairs that lead to the valley. A weathered sign stands to the
right of you: "Enter at your own risk". You look back one more time, and walk
down with trembling legs...
BR
Type h for help.

